Add common language-agnostic environment variable configuration docs (#1432)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/concepts/sdk-configuration/_index.md

---
title: SDK Configuration
weight: 51
---

> OpenTelemetry SDKs support configuration in each language and with environment variables. This following pages describes the environment variables you can use to configure your SDK. Values set with environment variables override equivalent configuration done in code using SDK APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry SDKs support configuration in each language and with environment variables. The following pages describe the environment variables you can use to configure your SDK. Values set with environment variables override equivalent configuration done in code using SDK APIs.
```
